README.md, before:

# **The OpenSSF Diagrammers Society**
<img align="top" src="https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/blob/main/ossf-goose-diagrammer1.png">

We are a group of drawing-enthusiasts who assemble to help craft a series of dynamic images to help convey all the amazing work going on throughout the OpenSSF.

## 
**Motivation**

The OpenSSF is a complex and mysterious ecosystem that may be daunting for particpants to understand where they might be interested in joining in or learning from.

## 
**Objective**

To be able to clearly and simply provide examples of how the OpenSSF is organized, what are the challenges our Working Groups (WG)s and Special Interest Groups (SIG)s are seeking to solve, and how those individual components relate to each other.


## 
**Scope**
Initiatives, Projects, Working Groups, Special Interest Groups, and other collaborative efforts supported by the OpenSSF

[What is in and out of scope]
Non-OpenSSF projects, initiatives, etc.

## 
**Prior Work**

In our [meeting notes]( ) we have assesmbled many examples of how the foundation could be articulated in graphic format.

*   [1000s of Words presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Xx-TblYarVTd3g7bLY4ifZx4OEhmSuQweqbjjPEgULw/edit#slide=id.p) a slide deck summarizing the group's work and assorted doodles as shared to the TAC, GB, and other groups.

# 
**Get Involved**
We currently are soliciting ideas for ways to convey how the OSSF is organized and how its assorted components interrelate.  Questions and feedback are welcome on our mailing list, slack channel, or as an issue filed here in our repo.

*   Official communications occur on the [The Diagrammers Society Mailing List](https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-sig-diagrammers-society).  \
[Manage your subscriptions to Open SSF mailing lists](https://lists.openssf.org/g/main/subgroups).
*   [Diagrammers Slack channel](https://openssf.slack.com/archives/C047FDZ55BK)

### 
Quick Start
*   Areas that need contributions : New diagram ideas or feedback on our existing [drawings](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/tree/main/drawings)
*   Where to file issues: Issues can be filed [here](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/issues) in our GitHub repo.

## 
**Meeting times**

*   Every other Thursday @ 3:00pm EST [OpenSSF Community Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=czYzdm9lZmhwNWk5cGZsdGI1cTY3bmdwZXNAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)
*   [Meeting Minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14i9v7WuQcLzWpvLe9B0sl-kf90JLwxNwrZkRXLWmEdQ/edit#heading=h.9m0zi4b0wnne)

# 
**Governance**

The [CHARTER.md](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/blob/main/CHARTER.md) outlines the scope and governance of our group activities.

*   Lead name : CRob
*   Co-Lead name

### Project Maintainers
- [Christopher "CRob" Robinson, Intel](https://github.com/SecurityCRob)

### Project Collaborators
- [Matt Rutkowski, IBM](https://github.com)
- [David A Wheeler, LF/OSSF](https://github.com/david-a-wheeler)
- [Randall T. Vasquez, Gentoo](https://github.com/ran-dall)
- [Jay White, Microsoft](https://github.com/)

### Project Contributors
- [Aeva Black, Microsoft, OSSF TAC](https://github.com/)
- [Bob Callaway, Google, OSSF TAC](https://github.com/)\

Commit message:

Add link to presentation
Signed-off-by: David A. Wheeler <dwheeler@dwheeler.com>

README.md, after:

# **The OpenSSF Diagrammers Society**
<img align="top" src="https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/blob/main/ossf-goose-diagrammer1.png">

We are a group of drawing-enthusiasts who assemble to help craft a series of dynamic images to help convey all the amazing work going on throughout the OpenSSF.

## 
**Motivation**

The OpenSSF is a complex and mysterious ecosystem that may be daunting for particpants to understand where they might be interested in joining in or learning from.

## 
**Objective**

To be able to clearly and simply provide examples of how the OpenSSF is organized, what are the challenges our Working Groups (WG)s and Special Interest Groups (SIG)s are seeking to solve, and how those individual components relate to each other.


## 
**Scope**
Initiatives, Projects, Working Groups, Special Interest Groups, and other collaborative efforts supported by the OpenSSF

[What is in and out of scope]
Non-OpenSSF projects, initiatives, etc.

## 
**Current Results**

The presentation [OpenSSF Introduction (including Diagrammers’ Society diagrams)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZQ7WjNH5fQL7qvpFN3jTFt-iQHqPpUc5of_azQc8iic/edit) is a Google document that includes several diagrams that help explain the OpenSSF, and is the current version of several of these diagrams. It's part of a larger presentation, so that people who want to explain the OpenSSF can immediately use it.

## 
**Prior Work**

In our [meeting notes]( ) we have assesmbled many examples of how the foundation could be articulated in graphic format.

*   [1000s of Words presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Xx-TblYarVTd3g7bLY4ifZx4OEhmSuQweqbjjPEgULw/edit#slide=id.p) a slide deck summarizing the group's work and assorted doodles as shared to the TAC, GB, and other groups.

# 
**Get Involved**
We currently are soliciting ideas for ways to convey how the OSSF is organized and how its assorted components interrelate.  Questions and feedback are welcome on our mailing list, slack channel, or as an issue filed here in our repo.

*   Official communications occur on the [The Diagrammers Society Mailing List](https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-sig-diagrammers-society).  \
[Manage your subscriptions to Open SSF mailing lists](https://lists.openssf.org/g/main/subgroups).
*   [Diagrammers Slack channel](https://openssf.slack.com/archives/C047FDZ55BK)

### 
Quick Start
*   Areas that need contributions : New diagram ideas or feedback on our existing [drawings](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/tree/main/drawings)
*   Where to file issues: Issues can be filed [here](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/issues) in our GitHub repo.

## 
**Meeting times**

*   Every other Thursday @ 3:00pm EST [OpenSSF Community Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=czYzdm9lZmhwNWk5cGZsdGI1cTY3bmdwZXNAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)
*   [Meeting Minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14i9v7WuQcLzWpvLe9B0sl-kf90JLwxNwrZkRXLWmEdQ/edit#heading=h.9m0zi4b0wnne)

# 
**Governance**

The [CHARTER.md](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/blob/main/CHARTER.md) outlines the scope and governance of our group activities.

*   Lead name : CRob
*   Co-Lead name

### Project Maintainers
- [Christopher "CRob" Robinson, Intel](https://github.com/SecurityCRob)

### Project Collaborators
- [Matt Rutkowski, IBM](https://github.com)
- [David A Wheeler, LF/OSSF](https://github.com/david-a-wheeler)
- [Randall T. Vasquez, Gentoo](https://github.com/ran-dall)
- [Jay White, Microsoft](https://github.com/)

### Project Contributors
- [Aeva Black, Microsoft, OSSF TAC](https://github.com/)
- [Bob Callaway, Google, OSSF TAC](https://github.com/)\
