
<h2>OpenSSF Diagrammers Society Meeting Notes </h2>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>


:  <a href="https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society">Repo </a> | Discussions
   </td>
   <td>üìÖ:  Thursdays starting 6 October, 2022 
<p>
(occurs every 2 weeks) \
üïó:  3:00pm  ET
<p>


:  <a href="https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/99849857864?password=ecbe4bf5-e25d-4b7c-bd40-436ed0401647">LFX Zoom</a>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>üìßüì≠:  <a href="https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-sig-diagrammers-society">OpenSSF</a>* (Mailing List)
<p>
* Join the Mailing List to receive the calendar meeting invite.
   </td>
   <td>

:  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUdhiXNEBEayowJXY_v7AXQ/">OpenSSF</a> (New!)
<p>
 


: <a href="https://openssf.slack.com/archives/C047FDZ55BK">Slack Channe</a>l (New!)
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


[Antitrust Policy Notice](http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy)

![image](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/assets/128058721/c800a106-7725-4e58-bd16-489f71ef1dcb)



<h3>Code of Conduct</h3>


All participants in OpenSSF meetings are subject to the OpenSSF Code of Conduct. See: [https://openssf.org/community/code-of-conduct/](https://openssf.org/community/code-of-conduct/)

<h3>Meetings</h3>


<h4>At this time, there are no planned calls for the Diagrammers Society.  Thank you to everyone that collaborated with us!</h4>


<h4>20230810</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark an ‚ÄúX‚Äùnext to your name if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>David A. Wheeler
   </td>
   <td>dwheeler@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>LInux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>david-a-wheeler
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Randall T. Vasquez
   </td>
   <td>ran.dall@icloud.com
   </td>
   <td>Gentoo
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>ran-dall
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Bob Callaway
   </td>
   <td>bcallaway@google.com
   </td>
   <td>Google
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>bobcallaway
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Eric Tice
   </td>
   <td>eric.tice@wipro.com
   </td>
   <td>Wipro
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Welcome new friends
* Collect Opens

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h3>Meeting Notes</h3>




* 

<h4>20230727</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark an ‚ÄúX‚Äùnext to your name if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>xX
   </td>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jennifer Bly
   </td>
   <td>jbly@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>LF
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Sarah Evans
   </td>
   <td>sarah.evans@dell.com
   </td>
   <td>Dell TEchnologies
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>sevansdell
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Welcome new friends
* Collect Opens
* Upcoming TAC read-out - [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1depxHPxMTYMlRN-XyO0NSxcVAlxLCqA0njY4NICGJtI/edit#slide=id.p1](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1depxHPxMTYMlRN-XyO0NSxcVAlxLCqA0njY4NICGJtI/edit#slide=id.p1)  

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h3>Meeting Notes</h3>




* 

<h4>20230713 - call canceled</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark an ‚ÄúX‚Äùnext to your name if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>David A. Wheeler
   </td>
   <td>dwheeler@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>LInux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>david-a-wheeler
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jennifer Bly
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Linux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Victor Lu
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Andres Orbe
   </td>
   <td>andres.aomentorship@alpha-omega.dev
   </td>
   <td>Alpha-Omega
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>AOrps
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Welcome new friends
    * Andres Orbe
* Collect Opens
* Note: Diagrammer‚Äôs Society diagrams are linked to from the TAC site: https://github.com/ossf/tac
* We havre no action items, so we declared end of meeting
* Victor Lu: I like the diagrams, have some questions.
    * Old version: [https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/blob/main/drawings/CI-CD%20overlay.png](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/blob/main/drawings/CI-CD%20overlay.png) 

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h3>Meeting Notes</h3>




* 

<h4>20230629 - CALL CANCELED</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark an ‚ÄúX‚Äùnext to your name if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Aeva Black
   </td>
   <td>aeva.black@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft/TAC
   </td>
   <td>they/them
   </td>
   <td>AevaOnline
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>David A. Wheeler
   </td>
   <td>dwheeler@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>LInux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>david-a-wheeler
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Randall T. Vasquez
   </td>
   <td>ran.dall@icloud.com
   </td>
   <td>Gentoo
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>ran-dall
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Bob Callaway
   </td>
   <td>bcallaway@google.com
   </td>
   <td>Google
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>bobcallaway
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Eric Tice
   </td>
   <td>eric.tice@wipro.com
   </td>
   <td>Wipro
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Welcome new friends
* Collect Opens

     


<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* No items to discuss today, canceling call

<h3>Meeting Notes</h3>




* 

<h4>20230615</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Aeva Black
   </td>
   <td>aeva.black@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft/TAC
   </td>
   <td>they/them
   </td>
   <td>AevaOnline
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>David A. Wheeler
   </td>
   <td>dwheeler@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>LInux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>david-a-wheeler
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Randall T. Vasquez
   </td>
   <td>ran.dall@icloud.com
   </td>
   <td>Gentoo
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>ran-dall
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Bob Callaway
   </td>
   <td>bcallaway@google.com
   </td>
   <td>Google
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>bobcallaway
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Eric Tice
   </td>
   <td>eric.tice@wipro.com
   </td>
   <td>Wipro
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Welcome new friends
* Collect Opens

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h3>Meeting Notes</h3>




* 

<h4>20230601</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Josh Clements
   </td>
   <td>josh.clements@analog.com
   </td>
   <td>Analog Devices
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>joshclements-adi
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Amanda Martin
   </td>
   <td>amartin@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>Linux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>she/her/hers
   </td>
   <td>hythloda
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jennifer Bly
   </td>
   <td>jbly@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>OpenSSF
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Welcome new friends
* Collect Opens
* STC SIG [meeting ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1H3Nk0PwmylLg5F7pqrIvyKzTyXAll0-f50B7DdqOh4A/edit#heading=h.9m0zi4b0wnne)weekly Tuesdays at 12p ET 

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* Maintainer feedback about the OSSF - [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/169](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/169) 
* Foundation personas:
    * Developer
        * Contributor
        * Dev Consumer
        * Maintainer
    * OSS Consumer
        * OSPO?
    * Finder 
        * Security Researcher
        * Academic researcher
        * Hacker
        * Community member
        * Bug Bounty Hunter
        * Software user
    * Suppliers (Vendors)
    * CVD Personas (as a jumping-off point - [https://github.com/ossf/wg-vulnerability-disclosures/blob/main/docs/personas.md](https://github.com/ossf/wg-vulnerability-disclosures/blob/main/docs/personas.md) )
* [OpenSSF Compliant Automated Vulnerability Fix Campaign - Report Vulnerability Flow](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/65a0acea-0e4f-432c-a74f-344b4a6efc3b/edit?viewport_loc=-1251%2C-264%2C6912%2C3666%2CcVk0lUk~7l3g&invitationId=inv_0f36ac45-0080-4f47-b7ae-959593d4b268)
* [https://github.com/ossf/open-auto-vuln-disclose](https://github.com/ossf/open-auto-vuln-disclose)

<h3>Meeting Notes</h3>




* 

<h4>20230504</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>David A. Wheeler
   </td>
   <td>dwheeler@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>LInux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>david-a-wheeler
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jenn Bly
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>LInux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Amanda Martin
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>LInux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Welcome new friends
* Collect Opens
* Comments on proposed format revision
    * Colors: Need to make them more distinct, esp. For most color-blind (10% of men)
    * Colors need to be the SAME for each working group across all 3 slides
    * Need to add a key for CI/CD slide - key maybe a separate slide (unless we can slip it in)?
    * Is there a way we can transfer to the website? More important that it be easily editable - website is secondary, we can just add a link to the slides.
*  

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h4>20230420 - call canceled</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Aeva Black
   </td>
   <td>aeva.black@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft/TAC
   </td>
   <td>they/them
   </td>
   <td>AevaOnline
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>David A. Wheeler
   </td>
   <td>dwheeler@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>LInux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>david-a-wheeler
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Randall T. Vasquez
   </td>
   <td>ran.dall@icloud.com
   </td>
   <td>Gentoo
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>ran-dall
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Bob Callaway
   </td>
   <td>bcallaway@google.com
   </td>
   <td>Google
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>bobcallaway
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Eric Tice
   </td>
   <td>eric.tice@wipro.com
   </td>
   <td>Wipro
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Welcome new friends
* Collect Opens
* 
*  

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h4>20230406</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>David A. Wheeler
   </td>
   <td>dwheeler@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>LInux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>david-a-wheeler
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Christine Abernathy
   </td>
   <td>c.abernathy@f5.com
   </td>
   <td>F5
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>caabernathy
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Welcome new friends
* Collect Opens
* Slide deck!
    * [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZQ7WjNH5fQL7qvpFN3jTFt-iQHqPpUc5of_azQc8iic/edit](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZQ7WjNH5fQL7qvpFN3jTFt-iQHqPpUc5of_azQc8iic/edit)
    * We reviewed a major update on slide 9
*  

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h4>20230323</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Sanket Naik
   </td>
   <td>sanket@palosade.com
   </td>
   <td>Palosade
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Welcome new friends
    * Sanket Naik
    * Victor Lu
* Collect Opens
* David‚Äôs suggestion of a ‚Äúpresentation ready‚Äù [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZQ7WjNH5fQL7qvpFN3jTFt-iQHqPpUc5of_azQc8iic/edit](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZQ7WjNH5fQL7qvpFN3jTFt-iQHqPpUc5of_azQc8iic/edit) 
*  

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h4>20230309</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>David A. Wheeler
   </td>
   <td>dwheeler@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>LInux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>david-a-wheeler
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Christine Abernathy
   </td>
   <td>c.abernathy@f5.com
   </td>
   <td>F5
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>caabernathy
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Rosaria Carr
   </td>
   <td>rcarr@indeed.com
   </td>
   <td>Indeed
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jennifer Bly
   </td>
   <td>jbly@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>LF
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Welcome new friends
* Collect Opens
* GB liked our CI/CD Diagram, what do we need to do to improve/verify it?
    * [https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/blob/main/drawings/ossf-cicd2-0.png](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/blob/main/drawings/ossf-cicd2-0.png) 
* Continuation of Jay - future agenda item - wg/sig maturity matrix (requirements) - make an automated dashboard
* Let‚Äôs create a short Google presentation introducing the OpenSSF, including some of the diagrams, for reuse by anyone explaining the OpenSSF (the original idea was just to include the diagrams, but they need context)
    * Draft Slides: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/14i9v7WuQcLzWpvLe9B0sl-kf90JLwxNwrZkRXLWmEdQ/edit#](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14i9v7WuQcLzWpvLe9B0sl-kf90JLwxNwrZkRXLWmEdQ/edit#)
    * Will need to switch to the new OpenSSF template, draft here: [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZQ7WjNH5fQL7qvpFN3jTFt-iQHqPpUc5of_azQc8iic/edit](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZQ7WjNH5fQL7qvpFN3jTFt-iQHqPpUc5of_azQc8iic/edit)
    * 
* Goto WGs to verify current placement of diagram
* Find some way to code on type of project/sig
* Create legend for diagram
* 
* 

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* [DAW] proposal to develop a slide deck for OSSF intros that uses diagrams we‚Äôve developed
    * Jennifer shared prototype of new foundation slide template (still being finalized) - [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1dlQqu67H_k4-D1S5tx5_fp0FS-VaZxvutiKrI6XTvzg/edit#slide=id.g191532f3332_0_29](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1dlQqu67H_k4-D1S5tx5_fp0FS-VaZxvutiKrI6XTvzg/edit#slide=id.g191532f3332_0_29)
    * [DAW] shared current deck we can start with - [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZQ7WjNH5fQL7qvpFN3jTFt-iQHqPpUc5of_azQc8iic/edit#slide=id.gc84c2d290f_0_126](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZQ7WjNH5fQL7qvpFN3jTFt-iQHqPpUc5of_azQc8iic/edit#slide=id.gc84c2d290f_0_126) 
* 

<h4>20230223 - Call Canceled</h4>


<h4>20230209</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Rosaria Carr
   </td>
   <td>rcarr@indeed.com
   </td>
   <td>Indeed
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jennifer Bly
   </td>
   <td>jbly@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>OpenSSF
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Welcome new friends
* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Collect Opens
* New diagram: ‚ÄúStickers‚Äù [https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/blob/main/drawings/ossf-stickers.png](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/blob/main/drawings/ossf-stickers.png) 
* Any additional feedback on ppt?  Who would like to start reaching out and sharing with with WGs? - [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Xx-TblYarVTd3g7bLY4ifZx4OEhmSuQweqbjjPEgULw/edit#slide=id.p](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Xx-TblYarVTd3g7bLY4ifZx4OEhmSuQweqbjjPEgULw/edit#slide=id.p) 
    * Presented to End Users WG 2Feb.  Overall they really liked it.  ‚ÄúBubbles‚Äù, ‚ÄúSDLC‚Äù, and ‚Äúpersonas‚Äù really spoke to them.  Also suggested taking a threat model-based approach and building a diagram
*  Jay - future agenda item - wg/sig maturity matrix (requirements) - make an automated dashboard

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h3>Meeting Notes</h3>




* Homework:
    * Comments on deck
    * Persona ideas
        * Many points of view, based on audiences
        * [Arnaud] - general generic point of view ‚Äúi‚Äôve heard of this ossf-thing.  What is it all about?‚Äù (like the landscape or hierarchy diagrams to address this)
        * 2nd could be from a technical perspective (CI/CD perspective would be good for this one)
        * FROM GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE MEETING NOTES:   What problems are we solving?
            * I‚Äôm a new user - where should I start?
            * I‚Äôm a stakeholder - what are we doing & how is it going?
        * What personas are we looking to serve with diagrams & cognitive aids?
            * DevOps
            * Change Management
            * OpenSSF GB/TAC
            * Working Group as a persona
        * Suggest a table or spreadsheet to track items like charter approval, web pages, etc.
        * WGs are required to report into the TAC periodically.  That info should be more broadly shared with the community
        * [Jay] what is we looked at the Foundation as a Holding Company and treat each piece like an LLC.  We are doing a lot of stuff, but not operationally tying things together and run it like a business.
    * Requirements (e.g.- ‚Äúmust be clickable‚Äù)
* jbly@linuxfoundation.org can you explore if getting a new instance of the current ossf landscape tool so we can play around with the stickers idea 
    * - yes, just fork and play (so as not to break the membership function on accident)

<h4>20230126</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>David A. Wheeler
   </td>
   <td>dwheeler@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>LInux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>david-a-wheeler
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Bob Callaway
   </td>
   <td>bcallaway@google.com
   </td>
   <td>Google
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>bobcallaway
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jennifer Bly
   </td>
   <td>jbly@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>LF/OpenSSF
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>-
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Eric Tice
   </td>
   <td>eric.tice@wipro.com
   </td>
   <td>Wipro
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Welcome new friends
* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Collect Opens
* Comments/feedback on GB-TAC governing committee ppt - [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Xx-TblYarVTd3g7bLY4ifZx4OEhmSuQweqbjjPEgULw/edit#slide=id.p](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Xx-TblYarVTd3g7bLY4ifZx4OEhmSuQweqbjjPEgULw/edit#slide=id.p) 
    * Jay - maintainability - how are these diagrams up-kept.  How do we operationalize our final output
    * David - format of the output:
        * Ossf website
        * Ossf presentations
        * Handouts, pamphlets, infographics, etc.
    * Arnaud - we should narrow down to 2 or 3 plus something like the mindmap for tactical uses
* Jay - tooling considerations/costs?  Are there any policies or restrictions for buying licenses for purposes like this. (Arnaud - tools like xMind state output has restrictions on use).  What about seeking donations/sponsorship around tooling.  Perhaps offer membership in exchange for usage?
* Homework:
    * Comments on deck
    * Persona ideas
    * Requirements (e.g.- ‚Äúmust be clickable‚Äù)
* Jay - future agenda item - wg/sig maturity matrix (requirements) - make an automated dashboard

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h3>Meeting Notes</h3>




* 

<h4>20230112</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Bob Callaway
   </td>
   <td>bcallaway@google.com
   </td>
   <td>Google/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>bobcallaway
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Rosaria Carr
   </td>
   <td>rcarr@indeed.com
   </td>
   <td>Indeed
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jeff Borek
   </td>
   <td>jborek@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Welcome new friends
* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Collect Opens
* Bob: Does a next step of proposing >= 1 diagrams back to the governance subcommittee (GB/TAC small group) make sense?
* Matt: development of the mind map helped to identify a fair number of "housekeeping" items we need to close on
* Arno: netting down things into 1 diagram may not make sense; perhaps we should enumerate the questions we're trying to answer and ensure we have responses to those
* 

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h3>Meeting Notes</h3>




* 

<h4>20221215</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Welcome new friends
* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Collect Opens
* Mindmap (originally created by Matt) - showing WGs, projects.
*  

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h3>Meeting Notes</h3>




* 

<h4>20221201</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Rosaria Carr
   </td>
   <td>rcarr@indeed.com
   </td>
   <td>Indeed
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Welcome new friends
* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Collect Opens
* Review [Issue 1](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/issues/1) ( Matt‚Äôs mindmap)
* Review [Charter](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/blob/main/CHARTER.md), make edits, and adopt so we can proceed as a sanctioned group under the TAC 

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h3>Meeting Notes</h3>




* 

<h4>20221117</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Randall T. Vasquez
   </td>
   <td>ran.dall@icloud.com
   </td>
   <td>Gentoo
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>ran-dall
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jennifer Bly
   </td>
   <td>jbly@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>OpenSSF
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Welcome new friends
* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Collect Opens
* Git [Repo ](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society)and Mailing [List ](https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-sig-diagrammers-society)setup
* Update from the TAC about us
* Determine group goals & objective (will update [readme.md](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/blob/main/README.md)) & [charter.md](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/blob/main/CHARTER.md)
* Determine user stories we are striving to address.  Previous discussion:
    * C-Suite/executives looking to align "internal" activities to efforts underway at the OpenSSF (lifecycle/status..‚Äùwhat can I use today?‚Äù)
    * Software developers/potential contributors who would help do the work, who have a goal in mind but are not sure where to engage (rework the mob.plan).
    * "Policy creators/enthusiasts/security auditor" who want some details on targeted outcomes/impact, and may point people to it, but won‚Äôt necessarily help in its development (public sector)[possible entry thru SLSA, will want accreditation]
    * Many other OSS projects/foundations that don't understand the positioning of OpenSSF relative to the broader ecosystem (new ossf vision/mission) [association with ossf for some projects are unclear currently]
    * help us identify gaps in our current community
    * helping those who are signed up to the Mobilization Plan navigate around the org and identify where they can have impact.
* [Matt] Updated on OSSF Mapping of Work to Frameworks

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h3>Meeting Notes</h3>




* Mailing list and repo are set up, please, check it out and subscribe to the list.
* Matt showed a possible approach based on the software lifecycle and a mindmap of all the different technical initiatives at OpenSSF.
    * Matt has been using a free tool called [xmind](https://xmind.app/) to work on the mindmap
    * We may not use the mindmap as the final output but it‚Äôs a way to try and capture everything and communicate with other groups to check whether they agree
    * Matt will finish and let us know when it‚Äôs ready for review and feedback
    * One Matt‚Äôs drawing is shareable we‚Äôll add it to our folder of diagrams
* CRob talked to the TAC which is open to make this a SIG reporting to the TAC
    * TAC is ‚Äúsuper excited‚Äù that we are looking into this
    * We need to get the charter set up for the TAC to review
    * Please submit PRs to get our repo in shape to get back to the TAC, especially for the README and charter
    * Hope is that for next call we can wrap this up to be able to go back to the TAC

<h4>20221103</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Aeva Black
   </td>
   <td>aeva.black@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft/TAC
   </td>
   <td>they/them
   </td>
   <td>AevaOnline
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>David A. Wheeler
   </td>
   <td>dwheeler@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>LInux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>david-a-wheeler
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Randall T. Vasquez
   </td>
   <td>ran.dall@icloud.com
   </td>
   <td>Gentoo
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>ran-dall
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Bob Callaway
   </td>
   <td>bcallaway@google.com
   </td>
   <td>Google
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>bobcallaway
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jennifer Bly
   </td>
   <td>jbly@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>OpenSSF
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Sarah Evans
   </td>
   <td>sarah.evans@dell.com
   </td>
   <td>Dell Technologies
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Welcome new friends
* Anyone willing to assist in scribing? [bob]
* Collect Opens
* Review new diagram suggestions and consider next steps
*  Collect suggestions for OSSF [user ](https://github.com/ossf/wg-vulnerability-disclosures/blob/main/docs/personas.md)stories/journeys we want to account for
* 

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h3>Meeting Notes</h3>




* ‚ÄúSDLC‚Äù view
* 

![image](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/assets/128058721/e19c9686-3cd4-4349-890c-a64892c3b62d)

* Audience: end developers / consumers of OSS
* Some WG span multiple phases of SDLC (eg tooling, Best practices)
* Potential next step: have hovering mouse raise a blown up view into specific WG activities, deliverables, etc
* Comments:
    * [David Wheeler] Idea/concept makes sense, but placement of the WG activities could be argued to cover multiple phases of SDLC (which makes accuracy "difficult"/"questionable"
    * [Bob] Could be helpful in some audiences to raise awareness of a systemic approach/solution/resources VS a tactical view raised through "user stories"
    * [Jennifer] LF Digital Services could be leveraged to help with building diagrams/renderings/polish where needed (resulting in graphics, web content, etc)
    * [Aeva] We're "building an elephant", lots of useful input from different perspectives. Idea of a half-day workshop to drive towards a consistent view (but perhaps very difficult to execute) but the work is worthy and beneficial to executing on our mission
    * [Matt] like the cyclical notion; NTIA uses a slightly different model that might be better for positioning
        * [https://drive.google.com/file/d/14wT17EZ0rOtmJtDBsj1wglSGxBLncmuo/view?usp=share_link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14wT17EZ0rOtmJtDBsj1wglSGxBLncmuo/view?usp=share_link)	
            * SPDX is looking to align against this view
            * [Aeva] notes that this diagram is not OSS-centric
            * [Matt] could also align to consistent definitions around build stages
            * [CRob] Might not be a great fit for public policy committee, end users WG
            * [DW] Could we attempt to map existing WG to this model and see how "awkward" it is? Matt R agreed to help with this
            * [CRob] should ensure we socialize with WG leads for fit
            * May need multiple views with correct filtering for independent audiences
            * [Matt] at minimum, we should have diagram to reflect developer-centric viewpoint and a user/consumer-centric viewpoint.
    * [CRob] could also look at devops type "infinity" view with "colored race track"
    * [DW] I mapped the various OpenSSF projects to the SLSA diagram, each project is mapped (by color) to their WG; you might find that useful: [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sxJUO1Ap6NxpU8B4iHKzRxaIIQwB_dZ7lLK9G5dGuls/edit#slide=id.gff08f0047f_0_361](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sxJUO1Ap6NxpU8B4iHKzRxaIIQwB_dZ7lLK9G5dGuls/edit#slide=id.gff08f0047f_0_361) 
        * It may be different to show relationships/overlap between different WGs
    * Reminder to ensure we make the diagram accessible & inclusive to all community members
    * [Sarah] is there a way to discover engagement points from the mobilization workstreams to specific WG activity?
        * Excellent goal 
        * There are SIGs that map specifically to mobilization plan items, but we haven't gotten to an explicit mapping _yet_
    * It‚Äôs okay if we use an software development lifecycle (SDLC) model even if some people don‚Äôt use all parts. E.g., some may not ‚Äúprocure‚Äù but if we point to it‚Äôs okay.
* Discussion on user stories / journeys
    * [DW]: ‚ÄúI‚Äôm an individual who doesn‚Äôt know about the OpenSSF, I want an overview of the major components of the OpenSSF, what they do, and how they work together‚Äù
        * Personas:
            * C-Suite/executives looking to align "internal" activities to efforts underway at the OpenSSF
            * Software developers/potential contributors who would help do the work, who have a goal in mind but are not sure where to engage.
            * "Policy creators/enthusiasts" who want some details on targeted outcomes/impact, and may point people to it, but won‚Äôt necessarily help in its development
            * Many other OSS projects/foundations that don't understand the positioning of OpenSSF relative to the broader ecosystem
            * Arnaud: help us identify gaps in our current community
            * Sarah: helping those who are signed up to the Mobilization Plan navigate around the org and identify where they can have impact.
        * Explicit non-goals
            * ‚ÄúThat we‚Äôre trying to be the one-stop shop / authority‚Äù
            * We do not have to describe the entire security market or all problems, but instead we focus on specific, widely applicable efforts
                * If we start from a pre-existing ‚Äúall encompassing‚Äù diagram, e.g. the SDLC, would this introduce bias towards coverage of other areas within the lifecycle?
                * Could use those gaps to help call out potential alignment and positioning with other OSS foundations / efforts (to the end of OpenSSF acting as a information router/integrator) 
    * Action Items:
        * Matt to help see if we can leverage NIST/NTIA diagram
        * CRob to work on the "race track" version of the SDLC/Devops/etc 
        * Compare/constrast different options, then potentially engage LF digital services to improve and polish
* Exploded ‚ÄúSDLC‚Äù view

  ![image](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/assets/128058721/68e78498-ead1-4ce1-b2ce-56f00a951938)

* ‚ÄúGears‚Äù view (can layer on initiatives and SIGs as spokes)

![image](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/assets/128058721/842ce8a6-ddc5-4726-895b-0b4bfbc04e6c)


* ‚ÄúDevops‚Äù view (still work in progress)

![image](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/assets/128058721/8fee32a9-3ed5-4aa9-98bc-a034b077af51)

<h4>20221020</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Randall T. Vasquez
   </td>
   <td>ran.dall@icloud.com
   </td>
   <td>Gentoo
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>ran-dall
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Josh Bressers
   </td>
   <td>josh.bressers@anchore.com
   </td>
   <td>Anchore
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>joshbressers
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Bob Callaway
   </td>
   <td>bcallaway@google.com
   </td>
   <td>Google
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>bobcallaway
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Welcome new friends
    * Josh Bressers
    * Jay White
    * Bob Callaway
* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
    * Randall
* Collect Opens
    * None
* SBOM Everywhere landscape [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gLSMHJ-l09r73aBDAIG4ld4pbC85D5UgTaICKqmKXKg/edit#) [JoshB]
    * The SBOM Everywhere is proposing a landscape for SBOMs.
        * The CNCF Cloud Native Landscape 
        * [https://landscape.cncf.io/](https://landscape.cncf.io/)
    * Putting together a proposal for the SBOM‚Äôs landscape
    * Would this SIG like to collaborate?
        * Matt would like to see maybe a first draft.
            * Concerned about overlap of tools perhaps, especially with new the new tools coming out in the near future.
            * Also what would be included in this SBOM Landscape. The three categories used historically within  NTIA documents (as directly guided to do so by the SPDX comm.) are not sufficient to derive a ‚Äúlandscape‚Äù.
            * [Matt] The SPDX comm. used to have a PDF listing many dozens of tools for SBOM (SPDX ONLY) against their simple, 3-value classification (i.e., produce, transform, consume); however, as of late 2021, no longer host that list and looks like the hit ‚Äúreset‚Äù and now host sparse tools lists in 3 categories:
                * **SPDX owned tools**: [https://spdx.dev/spdx-tools/](https://spdx.dev/spdx-tools/) 
                * **‚ÄúOpen Source‚Äù tools (**NOTE: many are missing on this reset and often have ‚Äúpaid‚Äù opt-in services to get full features): [https://spdx.dev/tools-community/](https://spdx.dev/tools-community/)
                * **Commercial Tools:** [https://spdx.dev/tools-commercial/](https://spdx.dev/tools-commercial/)
            * Missing are tools from the CycloneDX community which has a diff. Classification (tagging system) as rep. In the **CycloneDX Tool Center**
                * [https://cyclonedx.org/tool-center/](https://cyclonedx.org/tool-center/)
                * I would also note that Many SPDX and CDX tools are not listed in either place (e.g., CNCF tools, GitHub Actions (where GitHub is very active within OSSF in recent months)) or are in respected S&C orgs. like [https://www.fossology.org/](https://www.fossology.org/) where SBOM is part of a larger scanning/**evaluation** application.
            * [Matt] would recommend instead developing a ‚Äúlandscape‚Äù around use cases (where different tools would focus on different data the SBOM carries).  See [https://cyclonedx.org/use-cases/](https://cyclonedx.org/use-cases/)
                * For example, Vuln. Exp. Data (VEX) did not effectively exist before this year (2022) which can be part of an SBOM (or decoupled for both SPDX and CDX) and tools are just now ramping up to specifically work against that data (lifecycle) which is different than the inventory data of an SBOM.  
                * [Matt] New versions of SPDX and CycloneDX will come out shortly and will include brand new data areas (again usering in new tool areas). Such as **Evidence**, **Provenance** (which directly speaks to data that tools such as OSSF‚Äôs own **ScoreCard** would produce or even our **FRSCA** project‚Ä¶ 
                    * Additionally, diff. Types of SBOMs (S=is becoming Super) are being developed‚Ä¶ HBOM (Hardware), SvcBOM (Services), MLSBOM (Machine Learning), SaaSBOM, FaaSBOM (Serverless), etc. where end-users will look for specific tools for different application types since each has different resource/data expression.
                    * If you base your ‚Äúlandscape‚Äù against what an SBOM was just 2 years ago (use case, inventory and license/copyright) and NTIA docs. You will not plan for the quickly growing use cases and tools that will fill the other 20x use cases.
        * (JoshB) The landscape is controlled my a yaml file. First draft not possible, since this would be outsourced to a contractor. Details are in the NTA documents. 
            * Will send link to NTA documents to CRob to make a rough draft.
                * [https://www.ntia.doc.gov/files/ntia/publications/ntia_sbom_formats_energy_brief_2021.pdf](https://www.ntia.doc.gov/files/ntia/publications/ntia_sbom_formats_energy_brief_2021.pdf)
        * (Randall) likes the idea of including the SBOM Landscape
            * Is slightly concerned that it may grow past the initially scope of our diagrams.
        * (CRob) mentioned that the SBOM Landscape may be slightly out of scope of the initial idea of SIG. 
            * Our purpose is to draw a picture of what the foundation is and how it works.
            * We‚Äôre still interested in including SBOM Landscape though if we can. It‚Äôs worth the effort.
        * (BobC) had this link: [https://github.com/ossf/ossf-landscape](https://github.com/ossf/ossf-landscape)
            * It‚Äôs previous work/attempt to assemble something similar to the CNCF Landscape.
            * (Arno) It‚Äôs a very flexible, but there were prior concerns if it would be possible to produce and display what is intended.
    * (JoshB) Would this SIG be interested taking this over?
        * This SIG is still too new to take something else on.
* Review thoughts/homework on approaches
    * CRob mentioned pending vision work @ [https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/129](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/129) 
    * Diagrams Overview
        * View 1: This diagram displays is based on values or mission focus align the working groups.
        * View 2: This diagram is similar to David‚Äôs prior diagram, it displays the hierarchy composition of OSSF. Essentially, an organizational chat.
        * View 3: This diagram is framed more as a functional implementation diagram.
            * (Randall) In a way, it reminds me of the OSWAP Landscape diagram
        * View 4: This diagram is based on Personas. We would need to agree what personas we would like to focus on, and then we can drill down on that.
            * (BobC) Like this view because it frames it from an audience point of view, as opposed to some of the other options.
            * (CRob) Also likes this view
            * (Randall) Also likes this view
        * View 5: This diagram is orangized by effort type, in boxes and circles. Can show relationship between groups and projects; and also show projects thats are in progress.
            * (Arno) This seems a bit like View 2, as it is another type of Organization Chat. The information is similar.
                * (CRob) This is more function based, and View 2 is more orgnaizational, in nature‚Ä¶but the information displayed is similar.
        * View 6: This diagram is contributied by Jon Meadows (from Citi and End Users WG) and is a process-based diagram.
            * (Jay) Really like this diagram. Has been using it.
        * View 7: This is David‚Äôs attempt to use Mermaid to build a digram. It‚Äôs organizational in nature. One big benefit is being able to store it in GitHub and have it generated. Mermaid is supported by GitHub.
        * View 8: This is the Trailmap view.
    * Comments / Concerns
        * Things should be open source and openly available.
            * However collaboration on such diagram tools may be limited.
                * (CRob) We can keep information on GitHub and use other tools. In order words, we can make a effort to make sure that we keep this information as open as possible.

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h3>Meeting Notes</h3>




* View 1
* 
![image](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/assets/128058721/16971fd2-33d9-44b5-b972-f31c57171343)

* View 2
* 

![image](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/assets/128058721/8cbd799b-5867-4d3f-82e8-835c6e7a6f2d)


* View 3 (RefArch view)
* 

![image](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/assets/128058721/479f456e-dc5e-43bd-977c-c29a862e8f4c)

* View 4 (persona view)
* 

![image](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/assets/128058721/d83ce72f-60a0-4ab1-972d-4a6145870a6a)

* View 5 (circles and boxes universe view)
* 

![image](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/assets/128058721/5a6550a5-4772-4886-be6e-101475479503)

* View 6 (thx John Meadows) (ingestion/workflow view)
* 

![image](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/assets/128058721/33030ea9-a958-44af-ae82-5bc52ab987b4)

* View 7 (automated diagramming tool view [thx David W!])
* 

 ![image](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/assets/128058721/be6b4e20-a593-4b08-b16e-b592a13cc114)



* View 8 (CNCF trailmap)
    * [https://github.com/cncf/trailmap](https://github.com/cncf/trailmap) 
* View 9 CI/CD - supply chain view (Dwheeler)
    * 
![image](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society/assets/128058721/40245e05-0b57-4ca9-b299-f611e56134f9)

* View 10 SDLC view
    * 

<h4>20221006</h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark your name is black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github Id </strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Aeva Black
   </td>
   <td>aeva.black.NOSPAM@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft/TAC
   </td>
   <td>they/them
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>David A. Wheeler
   </td>
   <td>dwheeler@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>LInux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>david-a-wheeler
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Randall T. Vasquez
   </td>
   <td>ran.dall@icloud.com
   </td>
   <td>Gentoo
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>ran-dall
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Introductions
* Discuss purpose goals, viewpoints that need addressed
* Review first draft of a diagram 
    * [https://lucid.app/lucidchart/aa94b4b2-d7e6-456c-9cab-375c6c839b2e/edit?invitationId=inv_b7319d1f-9cad-47a8-b201-d382cb8ad7d3&page=0_0#](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/aa94b4b2-d7e6-456c-9cab-375c6c839b2e/edit?invitationId=inv_b7319d1f-9cad-47a8-b201-d382cb8ad7d3&page=0_0#) 

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>


Meeting Notes



* This meeting is being recorded.
* Welcome to the Inaugural call of the ‚ÄúRef. Arch WG‚Äù (working title)
* Let‚Äôs discuss goals:
    * Simple way to explain what the foundation is doing, how the Projects/WGs/SIGs interrelate/work together
    * Other: CNCF trail map
    * Aeva: Put several approaches together, show how they interconnect. Use stickies.io or a similar whiteboard app to collaborate on it.
        * 1. All the organizational elements (WGs, projects, SIGs, etc.)
        * 2. What are our technical outputs? (Scorecards, whitepapers output, SLSA, Projects like sigstore, etc.)
    * David: I made an attempt to organize the projects based on SLSA simple model of software development / distribution (including build / continuous integration)  which tends to group similar activities together - 
        * OpenSSF initiatives: [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sxJUO1Ap6NxpU8B4iHKzRxaIIQwB_dZ7lLK9G5dGuls/edit#slide=id.gff08f0047f_0_361](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sxJUO1Ap6NxpU8B4iHKzRxaIIQwB_dZ7lLK9G5dGuls/edit#slide=id.gff08f0047f_0_361)
        * LF non-OpenSSF activities: [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sxJUO1Ap6NxpU8B4iHKzRxaIIQwB_dZ7lLK9G5dGuls/edit#slide=id.gff08f0047f_0_217](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sxJUO1Ap6NxpU8B4iHKzRxaIIQwB_dZ7lLK9G5dGuls/edit#slide=id.gff08f0047f_0_217)
    * David: I also tired to just identify WGs & their projects here: [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sxJUO1Ap6NxpU8B4iHKzRxaIIQwB_dZ7lLK9G5dGuls/edit#slide=id.gff08f0047f_0_0](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sxJUO1Ap6NxpU8B4iHKzRxaIIQwB_dZ7lLK9G5dGuls/edit#slide=id.gff08f0047f_0_0)
    * Arnaud highlights diagram can be hyperlinked and exported as SVG for use into a webpage
    * Aeva notes this should ultimately be under source control/versioning
    * Another approach: CNCF-like, using the landscape system.
    * Aeva: Having a way to navigate, with hyperlinks would be great. Put it under version control, enable updates, reduces staff-time required to update it. Eventual goal: allow community-driven process to keep the ‚Äúmap‚Äù up to date.
    * CRob presents a lucidchart showing the groupings with clear visual formatting. Aeva +1‚Äôs. 
    * Aeva: similar to CNCF landscape in that it has visual elements, helps newcomers navigate, and draws attention where there are opportunities to contribute. Different from CNCF in that I dont think we want to incentivize ‚Äú10,000 flowers blooming‚Äù but rather a curated selection of crucial tools.
    * Matt: what we‚Äôre doing is very useful but not an _architecture_. 
    * Arno: this is more of a landscape ‚Äì not quite the CNCF landscape. 
    * Aeva: David‚Äôs presentation of the SLSA diagram could be a useful lens to view the OpenSSF technical output.
    * Aeva - 3 topics are being discussed here today. 
        * A map/landscape Introducing newcomers to the foundation
        * OA reference architecture opionated reference architectures that name specific tools
        * Does OpenSSF have a Big Tent? that‚Äôs out of scope of this WG ‚Äì and doesn‚Äôt affect the prior to points.
    * Basically, we want 2 outputs:
        * Simple diagram showing WGs/projects/SIGs. Make it version controlled & linkable. Could use GitHub‚Äôs mermaid. See: [https://mermaid.live/](https://mermaid.live/) which would allow us to dynamically play. See CRob‚Äôs and David‚Äôs WG diagram.
        * Framework, showing how different parts work together. See David‚Äôs SLSA-related diagrams (we might choose a different approach)
    * 
    * 

<h4><TEMPLATE></h4>


<h3>Attendees </h3>


(please **Mark an ‚ÄúX‚Äùnext to your name if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Email</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Affiliation </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Github ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>CRob
   </td>
   <td>crob@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel/TAC
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>David A. Wheeler
   </td>
   <td>dwheeler@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>LInux Foundation
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>david-a-wheeler
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mrutkows
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Randall T. Vasquez
   </td>
   <td>ran.dall@icloud.com
   </td>
   <td>Gentoo
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>ran-dall
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors
   </td>
   <td>lehors@us.ibm.com
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>jaywhite@microsoft.com
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Bob Callaway
   </td>
   <td>bcallaway@google.com
   </td>
   <td>Google
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>bobcallaway
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Eric Tice
   </td>
   <td>eric.tice@wipro.com
   </td>
   <td>Wipro
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<h3>Agenda</h3>




* Anyone willing to assist in scribing?
* Welcome new friends
* Collect Opens

<h3>Opens (pending)</h3>




* 

<h3>Meeting Notes</h3>




* 
